This folder contains the pre-processed data before it is converted to the respective baselines.
For converting this data to respective baselines, copy the convert_as_expt.py in the same location where the raw_data folder is stored. Then run the following command

```
python convert_as_expt.py experiment_name data_type query_type 
```

Choices for experiment_name : squad, hred, gttp
Choices for data_type : oracle, oracle_reduced, full, full_reduced, mixed
Choices for query_type : query, context

For all the experiments in the paper, query_type was context, data_type mapping is as follows: 

experiment in the paper | key
------------ | -------------
oracle | oracle_reduced
mixed-long | full_reduced
mixed-short | mixed

### Key documentation:

chat: The collected chat from which this example is stored as list. Every item in the list corresponds to one uterrance. The chat always begins with Speaker1 and Speaker2 follows. Alternate items correspond to respective speakers

chat_id: The unqiue key to identify the chat from which this example was created. This is a string.

example_id: The unique key to identify the example. This is a string. (split-chat_id-example_no)

movie_name: The name of the movie on which this chat was created. This is a string.

imdb_id: IMDb id about the movie on which the chat is based. This is a string.

span: The contigous set of words selected from a document to formulate a response. This is a string.

response: The reponse for the current example. (This is the string that needs to be predicted/generated by the models)

label: The integer indicates which resource is chosen for producing the response. 0 is for plot, 1 is for review, 2 is for comments and 3 is for fact_table 

all_documents: These constitute the external knowledge required for the chat. This is a dict and has four keys.
* plot : This is the partial plot of the movie and it is stored as string.
* review : This is one of the picked IMDb review of the movie and it is stored as string.
* comments : This is a list of string where each string is one distinct comment about the movie.
* fact_table: This is again a dict.
  * box_office: The box office collection of the movie. Stored as a string
  * awards : This is a list of (atmost) five awards/nominations of the movie. Stored as a list of strings
  * taglines : This is a list of (atmost) five taglines of the movie. Stored as a list of strings
  * similar_movies : This is a list of atmost five movies similar to the movie. Stored as a list of strings


query: The current utterance for which the response is generated i,e: 

context: The previous three utterances combined as one string i,e: an exchange of utterance (Speaker1 and Speaker2) and the query merged together.


oracle : The source document for this example. This is a string. (not used in any of the baseline experiments.)

oracle_reduced : The source document for this example but reduced to 256 or less words. This is a string. (the oracle version of all the experiments)

full : All the documents merged together as one string. (not used in any of the baseline experiments)

full_reduced : All the documents merged together as one string but reduced to 1200 or less words. (the mixed-long version of all the experiments)

mixed: All the documents merged together as one string but reduced to 256 or less words. (the mixed-short version of all the experiments)

answer_start_oracle : character level starting position of the span for the current example for document type oracle. This is an integer.

answer_start_oracle_reduced : character level starting position of the span for the current example for document type oracle_reduced. This is an integer.

answer_start_full : character level starting position of the span for the current example for document type full. This is an integer.

answer_start_full_reduced : character level starting position of the span for the current example for document type full_reduced. This is an integer.

answer_start_mixed : character level starting position of the span for the current example for document type mixed. This is an integer.

